ex 4 Things To Do:
1. How to use sys.argv
    import sys module where sys.argv[0] --> name of the script
2. How to use argparse(done)
3. Getting help with either --help or -help(done)
4. Getting any kind of 3 arguments(flags) and doing something using them(done)
5. What are flag arguments
  (these are those arguments which does not need any value)
6. Getting 3 arguments as options(they do take an argument) and sets a
   variable in the script to that option.(done)
7. What are terminal wildcards like */.txt.
      (these are used to find all the files with specified extensions)
8. Additional positional arguments which are a list of files
    at the end of all the -style arguments and handle terminal wildcards in
    point 7.
9. Figure out the meaning of the point 8.
10. create a script file(done1)
11. use sys.argv to take one argument from powershell(done2)
12. send a response with respect to that argument to check the logic is
    working as expected.(done3)
13. Print the name of script itself using sys.argv[0](done)
14. Using sys.displayhook in my script(dont need this)
15. What are positional arguments.
    (these arguments tell the prgrm what to do based on where they appear
      on the command line.)
16. What are optional arguments in terminal.
    (these are those arguments which does not need to be specified, if
    specified then they perform some task based on the program.)
17. advantage of argparse over sys.argv
((((((sys.argv --> method of sys module. it returns a list of all the arguments
    passed on the command line. sys.argv[0] contains the name of the script itself.
    Whereas, argparse is the python module for parsing arguments and it also
    parse sys.argv further for simpler manipulation of the arguments. For complex
    working with the arguments we require a parser    ))))))
18. What are the other arguments parser libraries.
    (only know the name of two: docopt and click, but i am gonna stick to
    argparse for now.
    There are 3 standard parser libraries : getopt, optparse and argparse.)
